Add installation instructions (#127)
kyma-project/cli: README.md

## Installation

Use the following commands to install the Kyma CLI from the latest release. To install a different release change the path in the first command to point to the desired version. For example: 

> `curl -Lo kyma.tar.gz https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/1.2.0/kyma_Darwin_i386.tar.gz`

Reviewer: Just a really small one change: ` to ``` like this:

```
curl -Lo kyma.tar.gz https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/1.2.0/kyma_Darwin_i386.tar.gz
```

Author: Done

### Homebrew (macOS)
To install Kyma CLI using Homebrew, run:
```
brew tap kyma-incubator/kyma-incubator
brew install kyma-incubator/kyma-incubator/kyma-cli
```

### macOS
To install Kyma CLI on macOS, run:

```
curl -Lo kyma.tar.gz https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/kyma-project/cli/releases/latest | grep tag_name | cut -d '"' -f 4)/kyma_Darwin_x86_64.tar.gz \
&& mkdir kyma-release && tar -C kyma-release -zxvf kyma.tar.gz && chmod +x kyma-release/kyma && sudo mv kyma-release/kyma /usr/local/bin \
&& rm -rf kyma-release kyma.tar.gz
```

### Linux
To install Kyma CLI on Linux, run:

```
curl -Lo kyma.tar.gz https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/kyma-project/cli/releases/latest | grep tag_name | cut -d '"' -f 4)/kyma_Linux_x86_64.tar.gz \
&& mkdir kyma-release && tar -C kyma-release -zxvf kyma.tar.gz && chmod +x kyma-release/kyma && sudo mv kyma-release/kyma /usr/local/bin \
&& rm -rf kyma-release kyma.tar.gz
```

### Windows

> To install Kyma CLI on Windows, download and unzip the [artifact](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases), and adjust your PATH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Kyma CLI on Windows, download and unzip the [artifact](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases). Remember to adjust your **PATH** environment variable.
```

## Installation

> Following commands will install Kyma CLI from the latest release. To install another release, set `KYMA_VERSION` to the desired version in the first command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following commands to install the Kyma CLI from the latest release. To install a different release set the **{KYMA_VERSION}**  in the first command to the desired version.
```

> ### Installation on Linux (i386)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Linux (i386)
```
I would just go with `Linux`, `Windows` and so on as it is already known that it's an installation guide.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Kyma CLI on Linux (i386), run:

```

> Use the following commands to install the Kyma CLI from the latest release. To install a different release change the line with `$()` in the first command to the desired version (e.g. `curl -Lo kyma.tar.gz https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/1.2.0/kyma_Darwin_i386.tar.gz`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following commands to install the Kyma CLI from the latest release. To install a different release change the path in the first command to point to the desired version. For example: 

`curl -Lo kyma.tar.gz https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/1.2.0/kyma_Darwin_i386.tar.gz`
```

I'm wondering, maybe we can suggest changing the `path in the first command` instead of `the line with `$()` - I think it's a bit clearer. What do you guys think?  Just put the code line in a block (with ```).

```
(export KYMA_VERSION=$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/kyma-project/cli/releases/latest | grep tag_name | cut -d '"' -f 4) \
 && curl -Lo kyma.tar.gz https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/${KYMA_VERSION}/kyma_${KYMA_VERSION}_Linux_i386.tar.gz) \
 && mkdir kyma-release && tar -C kyma-release -zxvf kyma.tar.gz && chmod +x kyma-release/kyma && sudo mv kyma-release/kyma /usr/local/bin \
 && rm -rf kyma-release kyma.tar.gz
```

> ### Installation on Linux (x86_64)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Linux (x86_64)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Kyma CLI on Linux (x86_64), run:

```

```
(export KYMA_VERSION=$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/kyma-project/cli/releases/latest | grep tag_name | cut -d '"' -f 4) \
&& curl -Lo kyma.tar.gz https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/${KYMA_VERSION}/kyma_${KYMA_VERSION}_Linux_x86_64.tar.gz) \
&& mkdir kyma-release && tar -C kyma-release -zxvf kyma.tar.gz && chmod +x kyma-release/kyma && sudo mv kyma-release/kyma /usr/local/bin \
&& rm -rf kyma-release kyma.tar.gz
```

> ### Installation on macOS (i386)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### macOS (i386)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Kyma CLI on macOS (i386), run:

```

```
(export KYMA_VERSION=$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/kyma-project/cli/releases/latest | grep tag_name | cut -d '"' -f 4) \
&& curl -Lo kyma.tar.gz https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/${KYMA_VERSION}/kyma_${KYMA_VERSION}_Darwin_i386.tar.gz) \
&& mkdir kyma-release && tar -C kyma-release -zxvf kyma.tar.gz && chmod +x kyma-release/kyma && sudo mv kyma-release/kyma /usr/local/bin \
&& rm -rf kyma-release kyma.tar.gz
```

> ### Installation on macOS (x86_64)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### macOS (x86_64)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Kyma CLI on macOS (x86_84), run:

```

```
(export KYMA_VERSION=$(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/kyma-project/cli/releases/latest | grep tag_name | cut -d '"' -f 4) \
&& curl -Lo kyma.tar.gz https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/${KYMA_VERSION}/kyma_${KYMA_VERSION}_Darwin_x86_64.tar.gz) \
&& mkdir kyma-release && tar -C kyma-release -zxvf kyma.tar.gz && chmod +x kyma-release/kyma && sudo mv kyma-release/kyma /usr/local/bin \
&& rm -rf kyma-release kyma.tar.gz
```

> ### Installation via Homebrew (macOS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Homebrew (macOS)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Kyma CLI using Homebrew, run:
```

```
brew tap kyma-incubator/kyma-incubator
brew install kyma-incubator/kyma-incubator/kyma-cli
```

> ### Installation on Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Windows
```

> Download the [binary](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases) and adjust your PATH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Kyma CLI on Windows, download the [binary](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases) and adjust your PATH.
```
